Lsg docs (#2478)
infiniflow/infinity: docs/references/pysdk_api_reference.md

    - `"encode"`: *Optional*
      - `"plain"`: (Default) Plain encoding.
      - `"lvq"`: Locally-adaptive vector quantization. Works with float vector element only.  
    - `"build_type"`: *Optional*
      - `"plain"`: (Default) Plain build.
      - `"lsg"`: Local scaling graph.
    - `"lsg_config"`: *Optional* - A dictionary with each key-value pair corresponding to a parameter setting of the local scaling graph:

>       - `"sample_raito"`: *Optional* - Defaults to `"0.01"`. The ratio of number of samples sampled in the dataset (base).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - `"sample_raito"`: *Optional* - Defaults to `"0.01"`. The ratio of the number of samples in the dataset (base).
```

    - `"encode"`: *Optional*
      - `"plain"`: (Default) Plain encoding.
      - `"lvq"`: Locally-adaptive vector quantization. Works with float vector element only.  
    - `"build_type"`: *Optional*
      - `"plain"`: (Default) Plain build.

>       - `"lsg"`: local scaling graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - `"lsg"`: Local scaling graph.
```

>     - `"lsg_config"`: *Optional* - A dictionary specifying the parameter settings for the local scaling graph. Each key-value pair in the dictionary corresponds to a parameter and its value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `"lsg_config"`: *Optional* - A dictionary with each key-value pair corresponding to a parameter setting of the local scaling graph:
```

>       - Parameters for the local scaling graph:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Removed this as this is a given.

        - `"sample_raito"`: *Optional* - Defaults to `"0.01"`. The ratio of number of samples sampled in the dataset (base).
        - `"ls_k"`: *Optional* - Defaults to `"10"`. The number of nearest neighbors of the selected knn mean $\mu_i$ in Local Scaling.

>         - `"alpha"`: *Optional* - Defaults to `"1.0"`. smoothing factor in Local Scaling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `"alpha"`: *Optional* - Defaults to `"1.0"`. The smoothing factor in local scaling.
```

>   - Parameter settings for an IVF index:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Removed this as this is a given.
